# Work_projects
### These are the Python programs and Jupyter Notebooks I have written and used in my previous role/contracting work.
#### - The company receives a lot of its data from its sister company, which very few people from our company have the ability to query/access without restrictions. I wrote many of these programs to manipulate the data as it comes from our partner company into more meaningful and useable formats for our finance and accounting teams as the company has evolved in recent years. This saved the company money we would have spent paying its partner to reprogram the reports, and enabled our partner to use their time more productively that would have otherwise been spent on reprogramming these reports.
#### - The "DM3030" programs take the report data conversions a few steps further; I built these to consolidate daily PDF files into one PDF, extract and clean data from the PDF, then perform calculations that were otherwise done by accounting. They use the final output as a balancing tool to verify the accuracy of one of our accounting processes (namely our Daily Revenue Report), which takes about a minute to do now thanks to Python.
#### - The "Report Automation GUI" file shows the code I used to build an application with a GUI to automate the download and movement of ~830 reports that the company was previously doing manually each month-end close period. I utilized Selenium to automate the navigation to and download of reports, and PySimpleGUI to create a GUI to make the process super easy for end users. I also used PSGCompiler to package up the Python code into an executable, so there are no dependencies or installs needed by end users, and the report pulling automation can be scheduled each month. See an example of the GUI in action in the "Annie's GUI" file. 
